gdsa 1151 reenable doc tests (#1182)
neo4j/graph-data-science-client: TESTING.md

Please see the section [Specifically for this project](CONTRIBUTING.md#specifically-for-this-project) of our [contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) for how to set up an environment for testing and style checking.

> **_NOTE:_** This document does not cover documentation testing.

> > The Python code snippets in the AsciiDoc manual are extracted and executed against a live Neo4j+GDS database via `just doc-tests` (plugin deployment; `just doc-tests-aga` / `just doc-tests-aurads` cover the Aura Graph Analytics and AuraDS tabs).

Author: ```suggestion
> The Python code snippets in the AsciiDoc manual are extracted and executed against a live Neo4j+GDS database via `just test-docs-plugin` (plugin deployment
```
